Overhaul OAuth2 docs (#373)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/topics/oauth2.mdx

# OAuth2

OAuth2 enables application developers to build applications that utilize authentication and data from the Discord API. Within Discord, there are multiple types of OAuth2 authentication.

> We support the authorization code grant, implicit grant, device grant, client credentials, and some modified special-for-Discord flows for bots and webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported grants include: the authorization code grant, implicit grant, device grant, client credentials, and some modified special-for-Discord flows for bots and webhooks.
```

###### OAuth2 Scopes

These are all the OAuth2 scopes that Discord supports. Some scopes require approval from Discord to use. Requesting them from a user without approval from Discord will lead to unexpected error behavior in the OAuth2 flow.

<Alert type="info">

> `bot` and `guilds.join` require you to have a bot account linked to your application. Also, in order to add a user to a guild, your bot has to already belong to that guild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bot` and `guilds.join` require you to use a bot token when dealing with their respective endpoints. Also, in order to add a user to a guild, your app has to already be installed in that guild.
```
All newish apps have a bot account by default now

For example, `state` could be a hash of the user's session cookie, or some other nonce that can be linked to the user's session.

When a user begins an authorization flow on the client, a `state` is generated that is unique to that user's request. This value is stored somewhere only accessible to the client and the user, i.e. protected by the [same-origin policy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy).
When the user is redirected, the `state` parameter is returned. The client validates the request by checking that the `state` returned matches the stored value. If they match, it is a valid authorization request.
If they do not match, it's possible that someone intercepted the request or otherwise falsely authorized themselves to another user's resources, and the request should be denied.

For OpenID Connect, the `nonce` parameter may be used in a similar way instead. Upon receiving the ID token, the client should validate that the `nonce` claim in the ID token matches the `nonce` sent in the authorization request.

> While Discord does not require the use of the `state` parameter, it supports it and we highly recommend that you implement it for the security of your own applications and data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Discord does not require the use of the `state` parameter, it is supported and we highly recommend that you implement it for the security of your own applications and data.
```

Author: better to just remove the phrase entirely

  r.raise_for_status()
  return r.json()
```

In return, you will receive a response containing the necessary information to start the authorization process:

###### Example Device Code Response

```json
{
  "device_code": "PZVqIuLlME19uotfsUATN65Ytgbejbhj7Eob8qzali",
  "user_code": "ZAW6C586",
  "verification_uri": "https://discord.com/activate",
  "verification_uri_complete": "https://discord.com/activate?user_code=ZAW6C586",
  "expires_in": 300,
  "interval": 5
}
```

You should display the `user_code` and `verification_uri` to the user, or embed the `verification_uri_complete` link in a QR code for them to scan.

While you are prompting the user, you should also start polling the [token URL](#oauth2-urls) to check if the user has completed the authorization process every `interval` seconds or until the `expires_in` time has passed:

###### Example Device Code Exchange

```py
API_ENDPOINT = 'https://discord.com/api/v10'
CLIENT_ID = '332269999912132097'
CLIENT_SECRET = '937it3ow87i4ery69876wqire'

def exchange_device_code(device_code):
  data = {
    'client_id': CLIENT_ID,
    'client_secret': CLIENT_SECRET,

>     'grant_type': 'urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:device_code',

Reviewer: are you sure this is right?
